What I saw with my own eyes didn't show my feet
you
Two days ago, he also praised our family Xuan'er for having medical knowledge
qualification
Why didn't I know that the left-handed person had such qualifications?
Zuo Yin, what do you mean?
The relationship between the master and this family is indescribable.
I'd better keep my distance
Hey, Liu knows that his art is not high
Don't you miss people's children?
Gone
I still have something to talk to the master
Please go back first
Security send them back
What are you doing?
Let go of me, Linger
We are family
Say something for dad
Do you really think of me as your daughter?
Of course, love and hate
When I kicked you out of the house
That's what I hate. Iron can't make steel.
Do you remember when my dad was a kid
How did you do it?
Is that right? Hurry up and plead with Mr. Liu?
Juaner, he is your sister after all
If he can be an apprentice to Mr. Liu
Is this trip to the left house good for you?
Enjoying how it's done to me
Do I need to remind you?
My mother died.
Not yet buried
The mistress enters the room
You gave up my bedroom to the left
Let me live in the grocery store
No one at home
I do all the dirty work by myself
Lanwei deceives me as I am
You didn't say a word next to you
This is the way you treat me well